README.md file for project 0x02- functions, nested loops

0-holberton.c : Prints Holberton, followed by a new line.
1-alphabet.c : Prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
2-print_alphabet_x10.c : Prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
3-islower.c : Checks for lowercase character.
4-isalpha.c : Checks for alphabetic character.
5-sign.c : Prints the sign of a number.
6-abs.c : Function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
7-print_last_digit.c : Function that prints the last digit of a number.
8-24_hours.c : Function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
9-times_table.c : Function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
10-add.c : Function that adds two integers and returns the result.
11-print_to_98.c : Function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
100-times_table.c : Function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
101-natural.c : If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
102-fibonacci.c : Program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
103-fibonacci.c : Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
104-fibonacci.c : Program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
